README.md, before:

# RiskManager
An example web-based app to demonstrate the database schema for Insurance business.

## Concept

Sqlite DB is used for storing data. Sqlalchemy is used to help with the queries. I have used a service layer which is an internal API of this system. On top of this internal API, two  applications have been implemented.

1. Restful API
2. Frontend

Restful API is used for CRUD operations. Frontend application is used for serving static files(CSS, JS, HTML) and is also responsible for routing as I have not used any frontend routing solution.
All api endpoints are hidden behind authentication. Currently using cookies based session and authentication. So the API can be tested in browser easily for now. Can easily switch to Token based authentication (Will do it when have time).

No major Frontend Framework used due to shortage of time just basic jquery. Dashboard.js is reponsible for doing all ajax requests to API.

Functional tests are added for testing all the endpoints. I am using 

1. Nose
2. Mock
3. Factory boy

## Development Environment

At the bare minimum you'll need the following for your development environment:

1. [Python](http://www.python.org/)
2. [Sqlite](https://sqlite.org)

### Local Setup

The following assumes you have all of the recommended tools listed above installed.

#### 1. Clone the project:

    $ git clone git@github.com:syedwaseemjan/OnlineAddressBook.git
    $ cd OnlineAddressBook

#### 2. Create and initialize virtualenv for the project:

    $ mkdir book_virtualenv
    $ virtualenv book_virtualenv
    $ source book_virtualenv/bin/activate
    $ pip install -r requirements.txt

#### 3. Setup the Sqlite DB (Add default admin user):

    $ python manage.py create_db
    $ python manage.py init_db

#### 4. Run tests:
    
    $ nosetests -vv --collect-only (To see where exactly nose is looking for testcases. It won't run the tests if the file is executable)
    $ chmod -x $(find tests/ -name '*.py')  - (To make your testcase files not executable. This command is tested on MAC only)
    $ nosetests -v

#### 5. Run the server:

    $ python runserver.py

#### 6. Load the system in browser:

    Visit http://127.0.0.1:5000
    Username: admin@addressbook.com
    Password: test123

## Design-only question:

For any advance text search my solution will always be Elasticsearch. It provides quite advance 
queries for search like Fuzzy, Prefix and other things like Facets etc. 


http://127.0.0.1:5000/api/v1/risks/
http://127.0.0.1:5000/api/v1/risks/1

Commit message:

Behave unit tests and OpenAPI specs based API documentation added.

README.md, after:

# RiskManager
An example web-based app to demonstrate the database schema for Insurance business.

## Concept

Sqlite DB is used for storing data. Sqlalchemy is used to help with the queries. I have used a service layer which is an internal API of this system. On top of this internal API, two  applications have been implemented.

1. Restful API
2. Frontend

Restful API is used for CRUD operations. Frontend application is used for serving static files(CSS, JS, HTML).
Frontend is developed in Vue Framework. Dashboard.js is reponsible for doing all ajax requests to API.

Functional tests are added for testing all the endpoints. I am using 

1. Nose
2. Mock
3. Factory boy

## Development Environment

At the bare minimum you'll need the following for your development environment:

1. [Python](http://www.python.org/)
2. [Sqlite](https://sqlite.org)

### Local Setup

The following assumes you have all of the recommended tools listed above installed.

#### 1. Clone the project:

    $ git clone git@github.com:syedwaseemjan/RiskManager.git
    $ cd RiskManager

#### 2. Create and initialize virtualenv for the project:

    $ mkdir manager_virtualenv
    $ virtualenv manager_virtualenv
    $ source manager_virtualenv/bin/activate
    $ pip install -r requirements.txt

#### 3. Setup the Sqlite DB (Add default admin user):

    $ python manage.py create_db
    $ python manage.py init_db

#### 4. Run tests:
    
    $ nosetests -vv --collect-only (To see where exactly nose is looking for testcases. It won't run the tests if the file is executable)
    $ chmod -x $(find tests/ -name '*.py')  - (To make your testcase files not executable. This command is tested on MAC only)
    $ nosetests -v

#### 5. Run the server:

    $ python runserver.py

#### 6. Load the system in browser:

    Visit http://127.0.0.1:5000


## API Documentation:

REST API documentation (OpenAPI specification based) is provided in docs folder. It can be verified by using [swagger online editor](https://swagger.io/swagger-editor/).
